Personal Information Gathered By Nykaa
The information we learn and gather from you, personal or otherwise, is used to register you, verify your identity to permit you to use the app, undertake transactions (including to facilitate and process payments), communicate with you,convey any promotional offers, services or updates associated with NYKAA, and generally maintain your accounts with us. We also use this information to customize your experience and improve NYKAA.

Information You Give Us:

We receive and store any information you provide while using NYKAA, or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to use NYKAA. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as opening your account, processing your transactions, responding to your requests, and communicating with you

Information We Collect About You:

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Services. We may also receive/store information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information for internal analysis and to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as per applicable laws:

You may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies etc. For example, If you are an international user accessing our Platform, we only collect strictly necessary data for the functioning of our Platform.
Information From Other Sources:

We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily.

Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information collected and processed by us are as follows;

Demographic & Identity data

Contact details such as Name, email address, contact number, shipping address, country, date of birth, profile picture
Open data and public records such as information about YOU that is openly available on the internet
Details such as Transaction amount, Bank Name, Card Type, Card number.
Online Identifiers and other Technical Data

Location details such as data we get about your location, IP address, logs, or from where you connect a computer to the internet
Technical details such as device information, location and network carrier when you use our mobile applications
Communications details such as the Metadata and other Personal Information we get from communications done through e-mails, SMS, instant messages and calls
Usage data details such as data about how you use our Platform or web-based properties, pages viewed, etc.
Consent
By using the Platform and/ or by providing your information, you agree and consent to us collecting, storing, processing, transferring, using and sharing of your personal information (including sensitive personal information as per applicable law) that you disclose on the Platform with third parties or service providers for the purposes set out and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Purposes of Gathering Your Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services. These purposes include:

Purchase and Delivery of Products and Services

We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.

Provide, Troubleshoot And Improve NYKAA

We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the NYKAA.

Recommendations and Personalization

We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with NYKAA.

Communicate With You

We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to NYKAA via different channels (e.g. SMS, Whatsapp, by phone, e-mail, chat).

Advertising

We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.

COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKERS USED BY OUR DIGITAL PROPERTIES

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Similarly, there are other types of trackers used. Likewise, Mobile Apps use requisite permissions and SDKs. These are used to make websites & apps work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website/app.

Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as per applicable laws you may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies etc. We use cookies, permissions and other trackers on our Platform to collect and process data so as to provide you a better online experience as well as improve our services.

For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org

Below are the categories of cookies used on our website along with a description of what they are used for

Strictly Necessary
These cookies are needed to run our website, to keep it secure if you are logged on and to obey regulations that apply to us.

If you are a customer, they help us know who you are so that you can log on and manage your accounts. They also help us keep your details safe and private.

Functional
These cookies are used for remembering things like:

Your user ID on the log on page
Your region or country
Your preferred language
Accessibility options like large font or high contrast pages
Performance
These cookies tell us how you and our other customers use our website. We combine all this data together and study it. This helps us to:

Improve the performance of our services
Improve the products we provide
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Please note disabling the ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies may cause certain parts of our website to remain inaccessible to you.

We use other tracking mechanisms in addition to the above

Pixel Tags
Log Files
Clickstream analytics
Do Not Track
Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature. This feature lets you tell websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. These features are not yet uniform across browsers. Our sites are not currently set up to respond to those signals.

Purpose of Personal Information Disclosure
Nykaa app contains third party SDKs that collect personally identifiable information (PII). They use this information to better target users or provide elements of our products & services on behalf of us.These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.

Nykaa Uses Three Types of SDKS:
SDKs	Purpose
Analytics	
Analyze in-depth detail about the visitors on our app
Settle errors
Better target users and
Provide push notifications and digital ads to the users
Example-Clevertap,Appsflyer,Crashlytics, Gamooga
Payment	
Complete customers’ payment transaction Example - PayU, Razorpay, Cashfree
Login	
Help users login at Nykaa Example - Google, Facebook.
We may share your personal data with select third parties, group companies for the below purposes including but not limited to:

Order processing - For instance using a third party order management system to track and document the orders you place with us.
Delivering packages - For instance using third party delivery service providers to ensure delivery of orders placed by You.
Sending emails communication and marketing assistance - To optimize our methods and channels of communication with You.
Processing payments - To enable secure and convenient modes of payment processing.
Providing customer support - To collate Your queries received via different modes and ensure timely resolution.
Analyzing data to continuously better our services and for prevention, detection, mitigation, and investigation of fraudulent or illegal activities related to our products and services.
We have put in place appropriate contracts and personal data protection obligations on the third-parties engaged by us, and they are subject to strict contractual obligations when processing your personal data.

Reasons for disclosing your Personal Information to other parties:

We may disclose your Personal Information to others where it is lawful to do so including where we or they:

have a legal obligation to do so, e.g. to assist with detecting and preventing fraud,
have requirement in connection with regulatory reporting, litigation or asserting or defending legal rights and interests
have a legitimate business reason for doing so
want to send you information and promotional material regarding our products and services,
have asked you for your consent to share it, and you’ve agreed
Improve your online experience for using our product.
to protect the safety of any person, or to protect our rights or the rights of those who use our products & services.
To whom your Personal Information may be disclosed:

We may disclose your Personal Information for the above purposes to other parties including:

Other group companies and any subcontractors, agents or service providers who work for us or provide services to us or group companies (including their employees, sub-contractors, service providers, directors and officers)
Law Enforcement Authorities, Government Authorities, courts, dispute resolution bodies, our regulators, auditors and any party appointed or requested by our regulators to carry out investigations or audits of our activities
Statutory and regulatory bodies and authorities (including the government) investigating agencies and entities or persons, to whom or before whom it is mandatory to disclose the Personal Information as per the applicable law, courts, judicial and quasi-judicial authorities and tribunals, arbitrators and arbitration tribunals
Overseas regulators
Anybody else that we’ve been instructed to share your Personal Information with by you
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Personal Information we hold about you may be transferred to other countries outside your residential country for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

You understand and accept that these countries may have differing (and potentially less stringent) laws relating to the degree of confidentiality afforded to the information it holds and that such information can become subject to the laws and disclosure requirements of such countries, including disclosure to governmental bodies, regulatory agencies and private persons, as a result of applicable governmental or regulatory inquiry, court order or other similar process. In addition, a number of countries have agreements with other countries providing for exchange of information for law enforcement, tax and other purposes.

If we transfer your Personal Information to third parties for purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, we will use best endeavors to put in place appropriate controls and safeguards to ensure that your Personal Information is kept accurate, adequately protected, and processed only for specified and reasonable purposes in a manner that is fair, transparent and has a lawful basis, and is stored for no longer than is absolutely necessary.

Data Security
We are committed to protecting your Personal Information in our custody. We take reasonable steps to ensure appropriate physical, technical and managerial safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, transmission and deletion. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols. We use multi-layered controls to help protect our infrastructure, constantly monitoring and improving our applications, systems, and processes to meet the growing demands and challenges of security.We ensure that the third parties who provide services to us under appropriate contracts, take appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information in line with our policies.

Retention and Disposal of Data
We keep the Personal Information we collect about you on our systems or with third parties for as long as it is required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and for legal or regulatory reasons. We will only use your Personal Information for those purposes and will make sure that your Privacy is protected. We shall take reasonable steps to delete or permanently de-identify Personal Information that is no longer needed.

Links to Other Websites
Our Platform may contain links to websites of other organisations. This privacy policy does not cover how that organisation processes Personal Information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit.

Children’s Privacy
Our platform is directed to be used by adults only. If you are not an adult, while you may look at our site, you should not make a purchase, register, or submit Personal Information to us. We or our associates /affiliates do not knowingly collect information from minors.

Your Rights As A Customer
We understand that when you interact with Nykaa, you have rights over your PPersonal Information. These rights involve providing reasonable steps to allow you to access your Personal Information, correct any errors among others. In the event that you are not satisfied with our response or have unresolved concerns, you can get in touch with us to resolve the issue by means of privacy@nykaa.com.